# Exam instructions

1. The exam is expected to take approximately three hours. The exam can be taken either open-book (including web search) or closed-book. In both cases, having access to a Python environment with Starsim installed is essential; the exam cannot be completed without running code. Use the latest version of Starsim (v3.3 at the time of writing) for all your answers.
2. Submit your answers in Markdown format. Submit one Markdown file per question.
3. Most questions will require you to write a significant amount of code. Always include this code in your answer (using backtick-delimited Python code blocks). Write your code as if submitting a PR (i.e., be mindful of code quality, not just getting the right answer). Ensure each code block is runnable. Assume your code blocks for each question are run top to bottom; you are encouraged to make code blocks self-contained in terms of imports (e.g. `import starsim as ss`) so that a failure of one code block will not prevent subsequent code blocks from running correctly. In most cases, you will provide a single block of code that solves the problem, and then provide text explanation of the answer below the code.
4. If a task could be accomplished either by Starsim or by another means, prefer the Starsim approach unless it would add unnecessary complexity. For example, random numbers should typically be generated via Starsim distributions rather than NumPy functions. However, do not use e.g. `ss.FloatArr` when a regular `np.array` would do the same thing.
